- [Instructor] In order to work with JMS and Wildfly,
we'll need to create queues on the server.
To do that, we're going to navigate
into our Wildfly installation and then,
we're going to hold the shift key,
right-click on the bin folder and open PowerShell.
Inside of this folder, there are various scripts
that we can use to administer Wildfly.
In our case, we're going to want to use
the jboss-cli.bat file and if we supply
the --connect argument, it's going to go ahead
and connect us to the Wildfly server.
We can see that we're connected and now,
we issue a command.
So, we're going to activate a queue
within one of the subsystems.
So, you want to type /subsystem equals messaging
- activemq and then we're going to add another forward slash
and it's going to be server equals default
then JMS-queue and then here, we're able to add our queue.
So, the queue is going to be HsportsQueue
and then we need to use the add to add an entry
and then we specify a JNDI name here for our queue.
Now, one of the things you can see
when we issue this command is that Wildfly
is using active MQ which is an open source message queue
and JMS will be able to integrate with that.
So, here is the command for creating a new queue
on the JMS server.
I'll leave that up for a minute so that you can check
to make sure you have the syntax correct.
Let's go ahead, issue the command
and there you can see that our queue was created.